---
layout: default
---

### **9/23/2014 Blog Post**

#### Day Two

We start the day a seemingly simple task, start a blog. I am horrible about taking about myself (my facebook page is really boring and a poor representation of me) and bloging is something that I never thought I would do. This will be interesting!  OK Blog, I don't like you, and you are inanimate so you don't care. But lets do this. 
We are jumping in deep into the world of [Git](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_(software)), a revision control program. My first big hurdle is to stop typing "get". I'm getting there. I'm feeling good with the concepts but everything is so new. Until today, git was slang for get!  While I'm trying to become friends with GitHub, we are introduced to Cloud9, terminal, Jekyll, Basecamp and general markdown. That is a lot for one day. 
We had a quick guest speaker stop in, Jason Blank co-founder of [IndieBox](https://www.theindiebox.com/about/). It is great to see a startup taking root in Orlando. Our city needs this type of creativity. 
We start to cut our teeth on creating a website. This will hold our blog and become the repository that our future work will live on for others to see in a web based universe. Awesome! 
I struggle with finding a way to share my information with Cloud9 and GitHub. I'm getting there, but there is always a twist. As it starts to rain, the day comes to an end. Time to wrap up and spend some time practicing my git commands. Tonight will be a late night. 
