---
layout: default
title:  Keith Kreider's Blog
---

### **10/3/2014 Blog Post**

#### Week Two

This week we start learning Javascript.  This is a crash course that I don't want to crash in.  We are going full on into concepts that I barely understand.  If, else, while, arrays, variables, functions, oh my!
We use Github to upload our homework.  The concept evolves to use our Git repositories to have our classmates peer review our assignments.  
As the week goes on, we are introduced to Conway.  More on him, but as we get an introduction to Conway, we get two problem we have to crack.  
The first is a string calculator.  Using Javascript, we have to add two literal strings, like "five" and "six" and return a value.  We do this dojo style, which is going back and forth with a partner to write the code.  This goes fairly well.  However, I struggle with the test functions.
Next day is the checkwriting.  Given an intiger, we have to return a litteral string.  Yikes!  I have a hard time getting in gear on this one.  I can get one through 10 but cannot get beyoned that or get my test cases to work.  
We lose a member of the class on Wednesday.  Between class and the pressure of life, it was too much and he dropped out.  It took a lot out of the team.
It is apparant now that we have a few people that are getting this, a few that kinda get it, and a few that are struggling.  At times I kinda get it, but I also stuggle.  I need to spend a lot of time getting the basics down.  The classwork is trying to introduce us to concepts that we are not being taught.  In otherwords, I need to know how to do this from places like Codeschool or google searches.  I feel like I'm in a game of hide and seek with Javascript.
Friday we get what we knew was coming.  [Conway](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway's_Game_of_Life), the game of life.  We need to make a 3x3 board and exicute a tick with the rules for this game.  I can set up the board, but that is it.  Makeing the rules, the tick and the test function are all beyond me.  I don't waste any time trying to figure this out.  I need more knowledge of Javascript.  I spend the rest of my time on Codeschool and other various websites trying to learn the language.  I'm concern the gap between those who get this, and those who do not is getting to be very large.
This becomes a very frustraiting week.
