---
layout: default
title:  Week Three
---

## **10/10/2014 Blog Post**

#### Week Three

We continue our journey with Javascript but a significant majoraty of the class struggles with the material that we review what we did last week.  I feel better with the material but I feel like I'm trying to run a marathon after learning how to walk.  I understand Conway but getting the code down to duplicate the concepts is very difficult for all of us.
I have to pause and reflect on how much I have learned.  Just at the start of week three I feel like I'm on month three.  It is amazing how far I have come!  More concepts are pushed at us.  We spend a lot of time on arrays and how to manipulate them.  NVM, NPM and Brew make and appearance.  We spend more time on testing adding Mocha/Chai to our testing.  We practice more javascript on Euler problems and reinforce dictionaries and arrays.  We are also introduced to This. which is a really confusing concept to get your head around.
We have two guest speakers this week.  First, [John Saddington](http://john.do/about/) stops buy to give us a talk on entrepreneurship.  That is not something I am interested in at this point.
Josh Van Cleef comes in later in the week.  He gives a good talk on the different types of companies we may end up working for, Product Company, Consultancy/Agency, Pure Freelance and Quasi Freelance.  If I get really good, maybe the last two, but I know I'll need to be with the first two.  It was a very relevant talk for our team.
