---
layout: default
title:  Week One
---

## **9/26/2014 Blog Post**

#### Week One

We start the week with a seemingly simple task, start a blog. I am horrible about taking about myself (my facebook page is really boring and a poor representation of me) and bloging is something that I never thought I would do. This will be interesting!   
On Tuesday we start jumping deep into the world of [Git](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_(software)), a revision control program. My first big hurdle is to stop typing "get". I'm getting there. I'm feeling good with the concepts but everything is so new. Until today, git was slang for get!  While I'm trying to become friends with GitHub, we are introduced to Cloud9, terminal, Jekyll, Basecamp and general markdown. That is a lot for one day. 
A guest speaker stop in, Jason Blank co-founder of [IndieBox](https://www.theindiebox.com/about/). It is great to see a startup taking root in Orlando. Our city needs this type of creativity. 
Tuesday finishes up with cutting our teeth on creating a website. This will hold our blog and become the repository that our future work will live on for others to see in a web based universe. Awesome! 
I struggle with finding a way to share my information with Cloud9 and GitHub. I'm getting there, but there is always a twist.  
On Wednesday we start our day with a stand up and will do this every day going forwad.  As a group, we stand up and form a circle and proceed to tell everyone what we worked on yesterday, what we are going to work on today and what is getting in our way.  This is something that [David]( http://about.me/al_the_x) uses when consulting.  My big take-away from this morning’s stand up, I need to learn everyone’s name.
We are now using our knowledge of Git to manage a local and remote repository to build a very basic web site on Cloud9 that will hold our blog.  This website will evolve to something wonderful.  Right now, its lame.  Some of the class that has HTML and CSS experience is very excited to apply their knowledge to start building a website adding fancy backgrounds, themes and add ons.  I’m not there yet.  Still need to learn to walk before I run.  I struggle with managing through some unique error messages and a finicky Wifi.
Homework was difficult Wednesday night.  I ended up have some file issues that prevented me from completing it fully.  However, as the day went on today, everything really clicked well.  We received our weekend homework and it’s time to restart fresh.  We need to take what we learned the past few days and apply it.  Everything goes well until I create my own Tree Mile Island and nuke my repository on GitHub.  This would be like your dog eating your homework, then your house catches on fire and your dog runs away.  Fortunately, I was able to figure out how to recreate my repository through a little trickery and with my up to date local clone on my laptop.  Not sure how I did it, but it worked.  Yay brain (and luck)!  At least I can look at this as some good “git” practice.
Friday is lab day.  This is our opportunity to do our homework in a class setting before we head off for the weekend. It also looks like Friday’s will be guest speaker day.  [Olivier Lacan]( http://olivierlacan.com/about/), Software [Bricoleur]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bricolage), my word for the day, at [Code School](www.codeschool.com) gave a short talk to the class.  He reinforced the importance of version control and how little many programmers today use it.  What we have learned on version control with GitHub in less than one week is more than 90% of current programmers know, not to mention newly minted programmers coming to the market. Competitive advantage, check!  It was great to see what we are learning used in real time by a business.  It was a good presentation.  Homework is going really well.  Too well.  I get that feeling like I need to [cool the engines]( http://www.last.fm/music/Boston/_/Cool+The+Engines).  I spend some time setting with my other classmates.  Listening to their questions and the answers from others helps a lot.  There is so much that I don’t know, it helps a great deal to hear someone ask something I would not have thought of.  

